##  Observe the Block Attributes

In this activity, you will learn about the Etherscan portal and explore the attributes of the transactions within the block.

Follow the steps to complete the activity:

1. Open on the [Etherscan](https://etherscan.io/) website.
2. Click on one of the transactions of a block in the latest blocks section on the website. It will take you to a detailed page for that block.
3. The first subsection under the overview section gives details on the block:

   i) Block Height: Indicates the length of the blockchain 
   
   ii) Status: Reveals the status of the block, i.e., processing, finalized, pending, etc. 
   
   iii) Timestamp: Displays the date and time at which the transaction of the block is performed. 
   
   iv) Proposed on: Mentions the epoch and slot number of the block performed 
   
   v) Transactions: States the number of transactions in the block 
   
   vi) Withdrawals: States the number of beacon withdrawals in the block
4. The second section explains the transaction values: 
   
   i) Gas Used: Defines the total gas used for the block transaction 
   
   ii) Gas Limit: Defines the total gas limit provided by all the transactions 
   
   iii) Base fee per gas: States the minimum gas used multiplier required for the transaction to be included in the block
5. Click on Click button to expand the last section that stores the transaction records.
   
    i) Hash: Defines the block header of the current block 
    
    ii) Parent Hash: Defines the hash of the block from which this block was generated 
    
    iii) StateRoot: Is the root of the state trie 
    
    iv) WithdrawalsRoot: Is the block header withdrawal root hash 
    
    v) Nonce: Value used during mining to demonstrate proof of work for a block
6. Similarly, you can explore the transaction details of other blocks by clicking on them.
